(Based on http://code.google.com/p/tpl-engine/wiki/HowtoUsev01)

In v0.1 it is all very very basic, but it is useful to simple projects...

First things first, you need to of course download v0.1 @ our [http://code.google.com/p/js-tpl-engine/downloads/list Downloads] section

Once thats done, simply unzip it...

===Setting up===
Now where ever you want to use this class include it into the file, something like this:
{{{
<script type="text/javascript" src="tpl_engine.class.js"></script>
}}}

Then you must call on it and this is how you do it:
{{{
tpl = new Template(string $data);
}}}
*string* _$data_ - Supply a the default data for applying the template to (optional)

===Assigning Variables===
You there are 2 functions, you can assign 1 variable at a time, or multiple...

To assign one, it would look something like this
{{{
tpl.assignVar(string $var, string $value [, bool $overwrite]);
}}}
*string* _$var_ - This will be the variable that will be replaced, for example, if you put in p_title, it would replace {p_title} in your template file with whatever value you give it. _NOTE: This *IS* case sensitive!_

*string* _$value_ - The value that will be replaced with the variable given, can be anything

*bool* _$overwrite_ - Whether or not you want to overwrite the variable if it exists or not. _This is optional, *default is false*_

Now if you want to assign more then 1 at a time, thats fine too... Its almost the same, in fact, the actual code inside the function uses the function above...
{{{
var vars = {
  'p_title': 'Page Title',
  'p_content': 'Page Content'
};
tpl.assignVars(object $vars [, bool $overwrite]);
}}}
*object* _$vars_ - An array of variables you want to have replaced

*bool* _$overwrite_ - Do you want to overwrite the variables if they exist already?

===Parsing the Template===
Can't forget this now can we? This will get the template file and parse it.
{{{
tpl.parseTpl(string $tpl);
}}}
*string* _$tpl_ - The template contents. It's a string. Filled with arbitrary randomness of { and }

===Parsing the Template II===
Can't forget this now can we? This will get the template file and parse it.
{{{
tpl.fileTpl(string $tpl [, function $output]);
}}}
*string* _$tpl_ - The template file name... An example of a tpl file can be found [http://code.google.com/p/tpl-engine/wiki/SampleTpl here], the tpl file doesn't have to have an extension of .tpl, it could be .htm, .html, whatever

*function* _$output_ - The function that returns gets called after the file is loaded, parsed, murdered. (It's asynchronous)

*note* it's asynchronous. so there's no return value. And this functionality is based on my super-awesome vX ajax function (see other project).

Well! There you have it, I hope this script can help you in some way shape or form :)
